I'll never regret it.
Go.
Send a message to General Ben.
Don't assume that you are the leader of a civil servant.
Maybe one hand covers the sky over the court.
My husband was a general under the princess.
It belongs to the old General Qin.
Interested
You alone are not his enemy.
Good.
General Qin and the former general have a common heart.
Princess Enze
If he knew the Security King was harassed
I certainly won't forgive you.
The army is a character.
It's just that he doesn't know people.
Climbed into a high position by an ant beetle.
It's sad.
What did you say?
Dare to talk freely
General Qin will be here soon.
All three of you are waiting for me to die.
Good morning, Your Majesty.
Love Khanh Binh Than
Your Majesty has heard that the government has changed.
Dare to ask but it is related to the Security King.
Message from Liu Xiang
See for yourself.
On the contrary.
How could there be such disloyalty in this world?
Inhuman injustice
Excuse me, Your Majesty.
Go to the top yourself.
Bring these criminals to justice.
Main direction
No need.
Do as you wish.
It's just this occasion.
How could it be lacking?
Your Majesty's intention is to transmit my will.
We've got a health problem with the princess.
It is not convenient to go to the wedding.
An Ninh King and the gods walked in the royal wedding
I want to see how this play ends.
The minister obeyed.